---

title: Wenhan Feng

---

November 2, 1996 · Male · Chinese


## Education

**Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (LMU): PhD student**

`10/2022 Munich, Germany`

**Rheinisch-Westfälische Technische Hochschule Aachen (RWTH): Master of Science in Urban Planning**

`09/2020 - 09/2022 Aachen, Germany`

**Shandong University of Science and Technology: Bachelor of Engineering in Urban Planning**

`09/2014 - 06/2019 Qingdao, China`



## Internship Experience

**Citory Tech Company Ltd.**

`Aug.2018 – Nov.2018 Shanghai, China`

Jobs-Housing Balance Analysis: *Analysed the job-housing balance in Pudong New Area, Shanghai through the cell phone signaling data. Modeled an ideal job-housing balance scene based on the principle of gradient, and compared it with actual data, so as to derive a spatial optimization strategy;*
Master Plan of Pudong New Area: *Used machine learning to segment the image of urban street scenes and extract spatial elements (trees, sky, buildings) based on human vision to quantify the spatial quality of the street.*

**Qingdao Tourism Planning and Architecture Design Research Institute**

`Nov.2017 – Jan.2018 Qingdao, China`

Master Plan of Daotuo Town, Shandong Province: *With the development of villages and towns as the background, GIS and other technologies are used to analyze the status quo of Daotuo Town and formulate targeted development policies and land use plans.*

**Shandong University of Science and Technology Architecture Design Institute**

`Jul.2016 – Aug.2016 Qingdao, China`

Linyi Industrial Park Development: *Through field visits, questionnaire surveys and other methods, combined with computer simulations, the land use planning and urban design plan of the industrial park are formulated.*



## Academic Experience

**International workshop on Flood Risk and Resilience at Community Level**

`2022 Workshop Munich, Germany`

*Conference Organization and Services*

**Computers, Waves, Simulations: A Practical Introduction to Numerical Methods using Python**

`2022 Coursera Certificate Munich, Germany`

**Tongji University DigitalFUTURES**

`2021 Workshop Shanghai, China`

*Project: Exploring the Method of Evaluating Flooding Risk of Building groups in Mountainous Area with GAN and GA*

**SpatialDI (ACM SIGSPATIAL China)**

`2020 Conference Shenzhen, China`

*Paper report: Application of Multi-agent System in Land Use Decision-Making of Industrial Park*

**CUPUM: Computational Urban Planning and Urban Management**

`2019 Conference Wuhan, China`

*Paper report: Urban Land Use Layout Agent-based Model Research Based on Baidu POI Data*

**CDRF: Computational Design and Robotic Fabrication**

`2019 Conference Shanghai, China`

*Paper report: Urban Memory Accessor: Mechanical Design of Interactive Installation Based on Arduino*

**Tongji University DigitalFUTURES**

`2019 Workshop Shanghai, China`

*Participated in research groups on automation design, topology optimization and digital construction*

**German Space Planning Exhibition**

`2018 Exhibition Qingdao, China`

*Exhibition Guide, Explain*

**CAADRIA: Annual conference for Computer-Aided Architectural Design Research in Asia**

`2018 Conference Beijing, China`

*Paper report: Soft Architectural Robot Design of a Multi-Layer Composite Material Apparatus with PAM Actuator and Its Architecture Implications*

**Tsinghua University Architecture Summer School**

`2017 Workshop Beijing, China`

*Participated in research groups on interaction design, mechanical and control system design*



## Skills

#### Technical specialties:

**Spatial Analysis and Visualization:** Esri ArcGIS, QGIS, Python, R, Gephi, Geoda;

**Data Statistics and Modeling:** Mathematica, SPSS, Netlogo, GAMA;

**Graphical Design:** Adobe Suite(PS, AI, ID);

**Engineering Drawing and Modeling:** Rhino(Grasshopper), SketchUP, ArchiCAD, AutoCAD;

**Others:** Office Suite, LaTeX, Arduino, Processing.

#### Natural languages:

Mandarin Chinese (mother tongue), English (B2/IELTS 6.0), German (C1/DSH-2).



## Awards

**Shanghai Open Data Application Competition (SODA)**

`2020 Third Prize, Shanghai Commission of Economy and Informatization`

*Smart city public health multi-scale monitoring and early warning platform*

**Planning Decision Support Model Design Competition**

`2019 Second Prize, Beijing Institute of Urban Planning and Design`

*Urban Land Use Layout Agent-based Model Research Based on Baidu POI Data*

**Shanghai Urban Design Challenge**

`2019 Third Prize, Shanghai Municipal Bureau of Planning and Natural Resources`

*Automation City System - Improvement of urban space quality in Xuhui District, Shanghai*

**NSC-URPEC Urban and Rural Comprehensive Practice Report Competition**

`2017 Honourable Mention, National Steering Committee of Urban and Rural Planning Education in China`

*Survey of Urban Renewal Intentions in Qingdao Zhongshan Road Area with Public Participation*

**L&A Ruichang Urban Design Competition**

`2017 Excellence Award, Shenzhen L&A Design Holding Limited`

*Ruichang Regional Tourism Planning and Shipyard Reconstruction Design*



## Publications

**English:**

Feng, W.*, Li, B., Chen, Z., Liu, P. (2021). [City Size Based Scaling of the Urban Internal Nodes Layout.](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/351084271_City_size_based_scaling_of_the_urban_internal_nodes_layout) PLOS
ONE, 16(4): e0250348. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0250348


Feng, W.*, Song, P., Li, B. (2021). [Application of Multi-agent System in Land Use Decision-Making of Industrial Park: A Case Study of Tianfo Health Industrial Park, Shandong. Spatial Data and Intelligence.](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/349680020_Application_of_Multi-agent_System_in_Land_Use_Decision-Making_of_Industrial_Park_A_Case_Study_of_Tianfo_Health_Industrial_Park_Shandong) Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol 12567. doi:10.1007/978-3-030-69873-7_10

Feng, W.*, Wang, Y. (2020). [Urban Memory Accessor: Mechanical Design of Interactive Installation Based on Arduino.](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/334261520_Urban_Memory_Accessor_Mechanical_Design_of_Interactive_Installation_Based_on_Arduino) Proceedings of the 2019 DigitalFUTURES. CDRF 2019. doi:10.1007/978-981-13-8153-9_31

**Chinese:**

Feng, W.*, Li, B. (2021). [Automation City System: An Interactive Environmental Design Method Based on Data Perception: Space Renewal of Wendingfang Street, Xuhui District, Shanghai.](https://kns.cnki.net/kcms2/article/abstract?v=3uoqIhG8C467SBiOvrai6TdxYiSzCnOEEIKB-6S51JyFOld47yB1sKgi83M_Pv5heSF98r8FUPY0MuFxsS4KR63ee2FyIT-At1yd9J8XIuk%3d&uniplatform=NZKPT) 2020/2021 China Urban Planning Annual Conference. 	10.26914/c.cnkihy.2021.033743

Liao, H.*, Feng, W., Zhao, J. (2017). [Quantitative evaluation and optimization strategy of the vitality of residential historical and cultural blocks.](https://kns.cnki.net/kcms2/article/abstract?v=3uoqIhG8C46NmWw7YpEsKMypi3qVj28LntHptynnzpiPCHBHXhEuVQTLScnu_JN7Y0TMdnWFO13Y9kfhuK0JqZ4gqieDnawR&uniplatform=NZKPT) Shanghai Urban Management, 2017,26(01)
